# CDC-BREASTFEEDING-SUPPORT-INITIATIVE
CDC BREASTFEEDING SUPPORT INITIATIVE

# ​ Special Instructions - The below is from previous semester

#### Breastfeeding Support Technology

#### Team cs Panda - 04.24.

## Architecture

### Patient Portal (iOS Mobile Application)

Mothers can:

1. Record their breastfeeding process
2. View their breastfeeding history logs
3. Answer the Questionnaires

### Lactation Service Portal (Web Application)

Healthcare services can:

1. View all the referrals
2. Accept or decline the referrals
3. Check if the referred patient has completed his/her visits

### Physician Portal (Web application)

Physicians can:

1. Briefly review mother’s information such as date of birth, etc.
2. Review all the breastfeeding reports and questionnaire results that generated by
    mothers via mobile app
3. Pull out filtered lactation counselling service
4. Conduct lactation healthcare service referral

## Build Instructions

1) Install GitHub Desktop (https://desktop.github.com)
-> Skip setup
-> Access(Pysician Portal & Lactation Service Portal):
https://github.com/chongwug/BreastFeedingSupportProject
-> Access(Patient Portal iOS App): ​https://github.com/chongwug/BFS-IOS
-> Press the save to computer button (left of the "Download ZIP" button) -> Launch App
-> Set the local location of the repository
-> Press Sync (top right)


### Lactation Portal (Web Application)

Install PHP. (Should be pre installed in MacOS)

### Patient Portal (iOS Mobile Application)

Install Xcode

### Physician_Portal (SMART on FHIR Non-clinical Program Referral

### Portal)

The files in the "Physician_Portal" folder need to be hosted on an internet accessible website
(we use ​https://www.000webhost.com/​ for free hosting) and registered as an app within the
HSPC sandbox. Upon registration, a client ID will be provided and can be configured in the
client's launch.html file (as per the configuration instructions listed below). Once registered with
the sandbox, launch scenarios can be built to launch the client from configurable patient
contexts.

## Run Instructions

### Lactation Service Portal (Web Application)

#### 1. Open terminal and go to the ​Lactation_Service_Portal ​folder.

2. Run : php -S localhost:
3. Client UI accessible from: [http://localhost:8080/status.html](http://localhost:8080/status.html)

### Patient Portal (iOS Mobile Application)

1. Open ​ **BreastFeedingSupport.xcworkspace** ​ ​by Xcode
2. Change iOS simulator to “iphone 6s or iphone 7” at the upper left corner of Xcode
    window
3. Click “Run”

### Physician_Portal (SMART on FHIR Non-clinical Program Referral

### Portal)

A preconfigured client and a demo launch scenarios called “physician portal” have been
prepared in the FHIRPit sandbox. The sandbox has been pre-loaded with the test data provided
in the "Research" directory of this repository.
To use the preconfigured launch scenarios, log into HSPC:
https://sandbox.hspconsortium.org


Select the "FHIRPit" sandbox, select one of the available launch scenarios, and press the
"Launch" button on the bottom right of the page. FHIRPit sandbox access can be requested via
email to cqian48@gatech.edu if necessary. Also, you are encouraged to try other fhir servers.

## Configuration

### Referral Server

FHIR server connection can be set as a command-line parameter as follows:
--fhir.server=https://secure-api.hspconsortium.org/FHIRPit/open
_Defaults to the demo sandbox specified above._

### Client (SMART on FHIR Non-clinical Program Referral Portal)

Registered client ID can be set in launch.html:
client_id: "6fa01d4c-4b85-4ad8-85ea-fe0d0edf94d1"